Added Term Entry for HTML: Tags:`<picture>` tag (#545)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/picture/picture.md

---
Title: '<picture>'

> Description: 'Gives developers more flexibility when specifying image resources.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Represents multiple possible image sources to be applied to different devices and screen-sizes.'
```

> Description: 'The <picture> tag gives developers more flexibility when specifying image resources.'

Reviewer 2: For term entries, meta descriptions should start with a verb. You can write something like: 
```suggestion
Description: 'Gives developers more flexibility when specifying image resources.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:

>   - 'Tags'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Images'
  - 'Tags'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> Represents a generic division of content. It has no semantic meaning but will separate its contents from the rest of the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<picture>` tag represents multiple possible image sources to be applied to different devices and screen-sizes. While it has no semantic meaning, `<picture>` will separate its contents from the rest of the document.
```

> Represents a generic division of content. It has no semantic meaning, but will separate its contents from the rest of the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Represents a generic division of content. It has no semantic meaning but will separate its contents from the rest of the document.
```

## Syntax

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

For the "Syntax" section, let's use `pseudo`.

<picture>

>   <!-- source and image tags go here -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <!-- zero or more source tags go here -->
  <!-- followed by one img tag here -->
```

</picture>
```

`<picture>` is a tag that allows developers the flexibility to use different image specifications.

## Example

> The `<picture>` tag is typically used with one or more `<source>` elements and one `<img>` element in order to offer different versions of an image for different scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<picture>` tag is used with zero or more `<source>` elements followed by one [`<img>` element ](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/images).

```

> The `<picture>` tag is typically used with one or more `<source>` elements and one `<img>` element in order to offer diferent versions of an image for different scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<picture>` tag is typically used with one or more `<source>` elements and one `<img>` element in order to offer different versions of an image for different scenarios.
```

> Using different sources allows more options for the browser. The `<img>` tag is used as the last child of the `<picture>` element and not only does it describe attributes of the image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using different sources allows more options for the browser. The `<img>` tag is used as the last child of the `<picture>` element. It describes the attributes of the image
```

> Using different sources allows more options for the browser. The `<img>` tag is used as the last child of the `<picture>` element. It describes the attributes of the image
> and acts as a fallback if any of the sources fail to meet the required specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using different sources provides more options for the browser with regards to the screen or host device. The `<img>` tag is used as the last option of the `<picture>` element, acting as a fallback if any of the sources are invalid.
```

> it is also used as a fallback if any of the sources fail to meet the required specifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and acts as a fallback if any of the sources fail to meet the required specifications.
```

```html
<html>
  <head> </head>
  <body>
    <picture>
      <source media="(min-width:700px)" srcset="img_white_shoes.jpg" />
      <source media="(min-width:540px)" srcset="img_blue_shoes.jpg" />

>       <img src="img_red_shoes.jpg" alt="Shoes" style="width:auto;" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <img src="img_red_shoes.jpg" alt="Red Shoes" style="width:auto;" />
```

---
Title: '<picture>'
Description: 'Represents multiple possible image sources to be applied to different devices and screen-sizes.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Images'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `<picture>` tag represents multiple possible image sources to be applied to different devices and screen-sizes. While it has no semantic meaning, the `<picture>` tag will separate its contents from the rest of the document.

## Syntax

```pseudo
<picture>
  Zero or more source tags go here,

>   followed by one image tag here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  followed by at least one <image> tag here.
```

>   <!-- zero or more source tags go here -->
>   <!-- followed by one img tag here -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  <!-- Zero or more source tags go here -->
  <!-- followed by one img tag here. -->
```

Reviewer 3: Since this is pseudo, I'm thinking that we can disregard using the comment tags

Reviewer: You can also add fallback content below where the image goes, which is a nice backup in case the `<img>` link doesn't work for some reason.

  Zero or more <source> tags go here,

>   followed by at least one <image> tag here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  followed by at least one <img> tag here.
```

Reviewer 3: Let's change this to `<img>` since we're referring to the image tag here rather than writing it out

Reviewer 3: Since we've decided to refer to the tag itself, let's do so with the correct syntax 👍

`<picture>` is a tag that allows developers the flexibility to use different image specifications.

## Example

> The `<picture>` tag is used with zero or more `<source>` elements followed by one [`<img>` element](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/images).

Reviewer: Could we actually move the content from this line up to line 18? It seems like this goes more naturally with the syntax section. 😄

Author: @Dusch4593  Took me a few seconds to read over it but yes it does improve the entry and it makes more sense 😄

Using different sources provides more options for the browser with regards to the screen or host device. The `<img>` tag is used as the last option of the `<picture>` element, acting as a fallback if any of the sources are invalid.

```html
<html>
  <head> </head>
  <body>
    <picture>
      <source media="(min-width:700px)" srcset="img_white_shoes.jpg" />
      <source media="(min-width:540px)" srcset="img_blue_shoes.jpg" />
      <img src="img_red_shoes.jpg" alt="Red Shoes" style="width:auto;" />
    </picture>
  </body>
</html>
```

Some use cases for this example include the following:

- Art direction, where responsive designs offer an alternative image to fit within smaller or larger displays based on the media being used.

> - Optimizing page load times in situations where certain images take longer to load and having an alternative image that loads faster comes in handy.

Reviewer 3: I see that certain use cases are mentioned in [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/picture). Maybe we can word these two bullet points to be a bit more clear/concise. I'm also not too sure if we need to mention the term "art direction" although I see its point there, I think the bullet point explanation suffices!

An example of simplifying a bullet point is:

- Creating a responsive design where an alternative image is used based on the display size.

> A use case for this example is **Art Direction** where responsive designs offer an alternative image to fit within smaller or larger displays based on the media being used.
> 
> Another use case is **Page Load Time Optimization**. In situations when certain images take longer to load, having an alternative image that loads faster improves the page load time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some use cases for this example include the following:

* Art direction, where responsive designs offer an alternative image to fit within smaller or larger displays based on the media being used.
* Optimizing page load times in situations where certain images take longer to load and having an alternative image that loads faster comes in handy.
```
